hello kids here boots here
I bring my first video very useful for
servers and I guess a lot of people
It may interest you, I'll explain how
put the name of the video I'm going to
explain how to do is how to do
plots like this by regions ie
give the power of a region to a
person is to be able to build on it
basically here there is no defined region
you know with the word one you can see it's worth
then if you take from a corner
until the other
you are choosing your area to build
you have to put
What is your vote and procedures?
the area from here to infinity
down and from there is influencing
upwards
that is to say anything that builds
that way it will be protected
if not only protect you would only knit this
zone
in the layer but menezes pam
once you have that has write region
define space and write the name of
the plot and in this case already put part
of the pep
once you have this you have already defined the
region as a test plot and you can already
see what is defined can you with no no
I can build here is to say now
same could not build worth then
to give me construction permits to me
or anyone would have to put
region to a the space parcel test the
name of the plot space the owner in
this case I am four lack
just in case I will put all the
commands in the description so that we
you read putting the do not see it well in
the good video once I give to the entity
put region parcel test is valid and now
when I give him with leather he puts can you get
I can already build the plot is already
my name
I want to add more owner because you do what
same but with another name for example
tower and you put that person in your web
and you have two owners the other one is not deleted
once you have that, what do you want
do not break the aisles because what
will do as extraction is not defined or
they will break the corridors because you have to
do the same thing you have to come here
and protect from here to here as it
protects
and then region defines corridor
it's one she has this
already people can not can not break
none of this
Who do you want to do?
you want to remove a region you want to remove
the text plot or you want to remove the
owners to remove the two you have to
remove the plot
OK
It is the easiest thing to take away good
you want to remove the you have to put
region remove space parcel name
of the part you give and region remo is worth
there is no region you can already build what
you want
it is totally unprotected
and it 's what you want to increase that
this region that reaches here and is
that up here, you have to catch
from here to where is the
limit the other or increase the end
here
you have to catch here and you put
expand again with two bars
we are always in spanair copper
region redefines space name of
advance what is called hallways once
and then now instead of being up
here now it is a bit more to where
I've put it here, it's here
what I was explaining to you and good
until the first tutorial of my channel
and I hope to see you soon